
                    It is one of 2013's most immersive and enjoyable animated features.
                
                    Frozen in parts was entertaining and fine as a feature film but its not consistent enough to grab my attention for long periods of time.
                
                    Frozen is the best of Disney's princess films since Beauty and the Beast.
                
                    Sparkling with wonder,  is magical. Won't Oscar gold look beautiful glistening in Elsa's ice palace!
                
                    Frozen is a bit childish, but that's okay. Its level of sophistication isn't Pixar-ian, but that wasn't its aim. This was an attempt to travel back to mermaids, little and beasts, beautiful. And by and large, it does just that.
                
                    Frozen is, above all, an entertaining and charmingly poignant tale about love overcoming fear.
                
                    Disney still has the magic and charm to turn out something wonderful, and Frozen is a delightful animated treat for the whole family.
                
                    There are laughs aplenty, memorable tunes galore, and enough subversions of old tropes to make Frozen fresh.
                
                    As animated features go, "Frozen" is a visual feast, a beautifully designed film that perfectly captures this magical world.
                
                    It's Bell's infectious performance as Anna that's easily the standout here though, the actress instilling the young princess with a tender core that makes her easy to root for.
                
                    It is a seminal movie in the Disney Canon for me.
                
                    A consistently delightful animated feature, action-packed, beautiful to watch and studded with strong show tunes, Frozen harks back to the Disney classics.
                
                    It's a sweet film that offers an escape from paying bills, shoveling snow and the other doldrums of life.
                
                    Highly, highly recommended.
                
                    Frozen is, to put it simply, all technique and iconography in desperate search of a story and its own viable mythology.
                
                    It's ironic that a film about the land being stuck in winter would be so heart-warming, but it's the truth.
                
                    This is simply the best children's film in ages, a total frosty delight.
                
                    It's hard to say whether the world of Frozen will compare with Disney's other long-celebrated fairy tales as the years roll on, but for this season, parents and children will probably be happy to add the new film to their resumes.
                
                    Even if you are not into fairy-tales, you'll love this one for it's unpredictable and thus keeps you engaged throughout.
                
                    Frozen is Disney's best animated movie since their second golden age in the early 1990's and is an instant classic.
                
                    ... Frozen, the newest Disney contribution directed by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee, falls a bit short.
                
                    The songs aren't good enough to stick in your head and the characters aren't good enough to be iconic, but Frozen is pleasant enough. May it have a long life on ABC Family, clogging up your weekend TV holiday schedule for years to come.
                
                    Frozen is a transitional step from movies like the nightmarishly retrograde Little Mermaid, to films that won't need to explicitly tell little girls that true love doesn't have to involve marrying a prince or being rescued.
                
                    I was not disappointed.
                
                    While it won't go down as one of Disney's greatest animations, Frozen has enough charm and silliness-a word I use complimentary-to make it a must-see for families.
                
                    'Frozen' feels like it's breaking new ground in telling a story where the women are actually in control, and where the clichs of their narratives are turned inside out, almost as a sly commentary on what has come before.
                
                    Old-school musical numbers, feisty princesses, funny sidekicks and a mix of action, comedy and romance come together in Frozen, a Disney animation that works hard to keep everyone happy.
                
                    [Its] target audience should adore the characters, the visuals, and the music, but more importantly, they'll be bequeathed with a message worthy of their hearts and minds.
                
                    Given the strength of animation, the memorable characters, and a killer soundtrack ... it may well be one of Disney's most accomplished animated features from the past 20 years.
                
                    Frozen brings a warming tale of the power of love, family and sisterhood in the face of adversity.
                
                    ...generally as entertaining and engrossing as one might've anticipated.
                
                    A beautifully crafted fable.
                
                    The computer animation of the characters is expressive and detailed (we even notice the freckles on the shoulder of the heroine) while the film-makers work wonders with glacial landscapes in a land of "eternal winter."
                
                    Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee's extremely loose adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen strives to put a post-feminist spin on an archetypal Disney princess fantasy, with mixed success.
                
                    Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen is the loose inspiration for Frozen, a celebration of family and the bond of sisterhood set against a beguiling snowbound backdrop. And like Tangled before it, Frozen has all the hallmarks of an instant classic.
                
                    Anyone with an appreciation for old-school musical numbers will find something pleasantly familiar and cozy about Frozen.
                
                    Frozen, the new animated film by Disney earns its charms the honest way: with smart writing and heartfelt performances.
                
                    It's a movie about fear and grief and the power of familial, sibling love to sort it all out. Weirdly, in movies that are almost always aimed at children, that's a love that rarely gets equal screen time in a romance-obsessed world.
                
                    The animation is simply superb. Ice has never looked so good, except as the real thing. Technical precision and innovation is expected nowadays in computer animation but Frozen combines that with a gorgeously rich design.
                
                    [Proves] that, when done well, there is still a place for big song-driven animation films in an age of quip-filled, pop-culture-referencing buddy movies.
                
                    Disney has another hit in its repertoire with this heartfelt story of sisterly love and one of the few films released in 3-D this year that splendidly incorporates the technology into the plot line.
                
                    As gorgeous-looking and highly amusing as the film is, it's the songs that deliver much of the emotional weight.
                
                    Amid exciting moments and gorgeous landscapes, Frozen is, at times, an uncertain whole. But hey, did you see that ice?
                
                    Top to bottom, Frozen is a delight. The writing is witty, the voicing is excellent, the story is nuanced and the songs are some of the best since Beauty and the Beast.
                
                    Frozen's narrative logic could be tighter. Some of its dialogue and lyrical content is out of step with some of the film's mature direction. But none of this is enough to cancel out what's rewarding about the story.
                
                    [Olaf] one of the most charming and hilarious Disney characters in quite some time.
                
                    An enjoyable fairy tale romp with some clever plot twists thrown in and positive messages for young girls that subvert those usually provided by traditional Disney princesses.
                
                    As tuneful as it is charming, Frozen is the best Disney animated creation since the studio was reborn via the musical vibes of The Little Mermaid.
                
                    There is a richness and a subtle sadness to the core relationship between Anna and Elsa.
                
                    Widescreen 3-D visuals sculpt an endlessly inventive setting of ice palaces and snowcapped peaks, the original songs... soar and tickle as needed, and snowman sidekick Olaf giddily beats back the encroaching melodrama.
                
                    Disney does two things pretty well: princesses and musicals. Frozen has both of these traits in force.
                
                    Frozen is a glacially stiff, perpetually unamusing animated musical with a talk-singing score that will leave one pining for the lifeless soundtrack to The Princess and the Frog.
                
                    Frozen combines cute characters, soaring songs and clever comedy to create a Disney animated winner that tries too hard on some accounts, but that won't stop it from charming audiences.
                
                    Disney's latest animated tale, "Frozen," ironically enough, is likely to give viewers of all ages a warm feeling inside.
                
                    The limber visuals and appealing heroines can't hide the smear of on-the-fly rewrites, as the film frequently loses track of its own moving pieces.
                
                    While it doesn't reach the heights of a Lion King or Beauty And The Beast, it's entertaining enough, despite a lopsided narrative and the lack of a compelling villain.
                
                    Not only does the movie look great with its scenes of glistening, freezing majesty, but it also sounds absolutely terrific.
                
                    Had the icy transformations, the shadows, the devilment and the edge-of-seat action all been sustained for longer at the expense of the odd spoonful of sugar it would have been untouchable in the modern era.
                
                    Funny, whimsical and delightful to a fault, it is one of those movies that engages minds of all ages.
                
                    The fairy-tale ending promises not only marriage but adds the didactic twist that 'the only fixer-upper' true love is not restricted to coming exclusively from a lover.
                
                    loses points for being a not-very-good musical
                
                    With a billion dollars in the bank, two Oscars on the shelf, and the ire of ridiculous, right-wing pundits who think it's turning the children of the world gay, Frozen has pretty much pulled off the trifecta of cinematic accomplishments.
                
                    Born out of warring needs to both play things safe and be truly bold, so it while it's never outright bland, it lacks staying power.
                
                    Frozen is really about all of us learning that we can share our unique qualities with the world, as long as we also develop the maturity and responsibility to understand how our powers work and when it's the right time and place.
                
                    Josh Gad's winningly goofy talking snowman... is too dim to realise that longing for the arrival of summer is not particularly wise for one of his kind.
                
                    With its wonderful songs, spectacular animation, and heartwarming story, 'Frozen' ranks right up there with 'Beauty and the Beast and 'The Little Mermaid' in the Disney pantheon.
                
                    Frozen represent the middle of the animation bell curve. It's a far cry from the insufferable pop-culture spewing, catchphrase-ridden films churned out during at the beginning every holiday period, but nor does it hit the heights of Disney's best output.
                
                    The expected Disney components are on display, from gleaming imagery to catchy songs to engaging humour, but this classically told fairytale revels in its moving modernity, crafting a strong ode to empowerment.
                
                    The action is set in a chilling landscape but Frozen warms the heart.
                
                    It's not the best of the modern Disney set, but it's a sweet, charming, musically diverse film that makes you feel bad for not liking it as much as it wants you to.
                
                    A touching tale of sisterhood with a priceless message about blood being thicker than an ill-advised crush.
                
                    Frozen reminds you how many animated films rely more on inside jokes. It's modern without being hip, earnest with being sappy.
                
                    A deeply conservative Disney animated film that left me unmoved.
                
                    Uma obra emocionante, divertida e que comprova que as animaes com o selo Disney continuam to inventivas e envolventes quanto na poca em que o velho Walt comandava o estdio.
                
                    The story is well paced, characters beautifully created and voiced, and the animation is breathtaking, with the sight of a snow covered world (Disney style) a thing of pure driven beauty.
                
                    Disney's animation renaissance continues apace.
                
                    This is definitely one for the whole family to chill out with on a hot Aussie summer's day.
                
                    Frozen is a soaring musical that does everything you love about classic Disney while giving their portrayal of princesses a necessary twenty first century upgrade.
                
                    Spectacular production and vibrant voices make this a classic piece of Disney eye and ear candy.
                
                    Frozen succeeds because of its great story and its catchy musical numbers.
                
                    You can't go wrong with Disney's absolutely winning animated musical princess fantasy...Already a major box office hit, Frozen is bound to join the Disney pantheon of neo-classics and offers near-perfect holiday entertainment for kids.
                
                    A very traditional Disney animated feature filled with rather old-fashioned songs.
                
                    It's rather classic Disney. I think it's perfect for young kids in a lot of ways, except that it's rather dark.
                
                    Moms who don't want their daughters piningly opining that "Someday My Prince Will Come" may be pleased with Disney's twist on the notion that true love conquers all.
                
                    The clever show tunes and Holiday on Ice visuals border on kitsch, but the fraught relationship of the sisters rings true.
                
                    When Frozen presents its ideals of 'true love', it becomes a work that holds significantly more value to growing girls than the Walt Disney classics of yore.
                
                    As alter egos go, you couldn't have two more opposite types than the adorable Sven and the relentlessly fierce ice monster. But they serve similar purposes for the two individuals Anna comes to embrace, to protect, and to celebrate.
                
                    an immensely enjoyable, surprisingly invigorating marriage of the old and the new
                
                    A modern twist on a classic Disney formula with lashings of dry wit and old-school romance.
                
                    Destined to be the family hit of the Christmas season, Frozen has all the elements to make it an outright winner
                
                    Disney's return to animation greatness, plus that Idina Menzel can really sing.
                
                    The animation is crisply detailed, the voice work is solid, and the handful of musical numbers are memorably evocative of some of the fine work that Disney has done in that regard in the past.
                
                    Making even better use of 3-D - earning the "plus" in this B+ review - is a short masterpiece preceding Frozen, an ingenious Mickey Mouse cartoon titled Get a Horse.... It's the only thing your ticket's buying that'll be revered 20 years from now.
                
                    "Frozen" is stunning. From the beautiful snowflakes, to the ice castle everything in this film was exquisite.
                
                    Not exactly a new royal standard for Disney females, but these two princesses do pack a two-fisted punch about the power of love and waiting for the right person who's 'worth melting for.'
                
                    FROZEN is just about as intelligent as Disney musicals get.
                
                    Has everything you want for Christmas: belting songs, soaring hearts, snappy jokes and an inspirational reworking of the traditional happy ending.
                
                    A charming effort that successfully combines gorgeous modern animation with the retro feel of a Disney classic.
                
                    A dazzling fairy-tale adventure that evokes the studio's early 1990s refreshment of its animated output through an injection of Broadway talent.
                
                    The glitz will satisfy militantly feminine sprogs, but is completely at odds with Elsa's gutsy character and Frozen's pioneering message.
                
                    A Christmas Disney animation with a cheeky wit, this musical adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen is thoroughly enjoyable.
                
                    It's the year's best animation.
                
                    Disney learns a lesson from Pixar's Brave, giving these orphaned princesses some feisty purpose that doesn't depend on a man.
                
                    A fabulously festive, funny and enjoyable return to form that Walt would surely have adored.
                
                    Simply put, Frozen is an adorable film with brilliant animation and plenty of old-school Disney charm.
                
                    This loose adaptation of The Snow Queen is the best film from Walt Disney Animation in close to a generation.
                
                    Disney's boldest cartoon in ages, it pulls the Disney princess into the 21st century.
                
                    Old fashioned it may be, but it's Disney's best films in years.
                
                    Cool 3-D animated tale of magic that features the voices of Kristen Bell and Idina Menzel.
                
                    It feels mostly like a good version of something we've all seen before, rather than anything new or groundbreaking.
                
                    'Frozen' is one of the most solid family films of 2013. And here it is, just in time for the holiday season - perfect timing on Disney's part.
                
                    Extravagant care is taken with minutiae, and the directors, Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee, whistle through the first twenty minutes of the plot with a controlled giddiness that would leave many live-action adventures staggering in their tracks.
                
                    Glorious family entertainment.
                
                    It is jolly, spectacular and sumptuously 3D'd. At times it is actually funny.
                
                    A hugely enjoyable Disney comedy/musical with strong characters, superb voice performances, terrific songs and a witty, intelligent script that sneaks in a tiny subversive edge.
                
                    A very decent seasonal Disney feature which amply refreshes a haggard old template.
                
                    Disney are riding a new, confident wave at the moment, and Frozen is a new height.
                
                    Quietly revolutionary, or boldly feminist, or just a well-told story being true to itself?
                
                    With the consistent success of many Disney princess films lately, it's almost as if they found a way to rejuvenate the sub-genre and are embarking on another golden age of animated features.
                
                    It turns out this film is more like the Disney classics, like "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" or "Tangled." It has memorable characters and a strong musical score with several good songs.
                
                    It won't get any bonus points for breaking new ground, but it does for being very entertaining.
                
                    This turns into a squabble that climaxes with Elsa going all Carrie-at-the-prom and freezing the kingdom, before storming off to sing a power ballad.
                
                    These are the first princesses who actually seem born to rule: doing real, important things rather than fulfilling the tweener fantasies about gowns and balls and boys and stuff.
                
                    Crystal-clear 3D animation tells a tale of two sisters, gratifyingly with Prince Charming a mere optional add-on.
                
                    It may be old-fashioned, but it's also as close to an instant classic as family films get.
                
                    If you thought there was only so much to be done with ice and snow as visual fields, think again along the lines of prismatic crystals, epic storms and fantastical structures built on water's gift for freezing itself into see-through art.
                
                    A touching and entertaining fantasy adventure about love, and how it can be both enriching and dangerous.
                
                    Following closely in the footsteps of 2010's Tangled,...Frozen hits many of the same beats, and finds some of the same freshness in a complicated family dynamic.
                
                    Not quite up there with Tangled, but a solid addition to the canon. Catchy tunes will have you humming, but the hunt for the next The Little Mermaid continues...
                
                    Frozen' has both showtunes and darkness, but most satisfying is a formula-defying finale that successfully subverts the fairytale status quo.
                
                    The plot's all over the place, but there are a lot of laughs and some strong action beats along the way.
                
                    A return to form for Disney.
                
                    This Disney delight dares to crinkle the studio's patented formula a tad by presenting audiences with not one but two female leads.
                
                    The best animated film of 2013. It's got a timeless magic that may well help it evolve into a classic.
                
                    Great in 3D and gratefully, the 3D isn't distracting. This is an animated feature to thaw the hardest heart.
                
                    [Its] humming industry and multi-pixelated craft come lit by a spark of something close to genuine enchantment.
                
                    ...feels like you're either watching the first draft of a classic Disney animated musical or the 347th one.
                
                    I'm afraid a lot of people are going to be distracted by how pretty "Frozen" is and ignore its significant flaws.
                
                    The biggest assets to any classic Disney musical are the songs, and the tunes in "Frozen" just happen to be the weakest link, making this attempt to return to the glory days of "The Little Mermaid" and "Aladdin," an arduous, frigid journey.
                
                    What's great about 'Frozen' is how these sisters are able to save themselves and while Snow White couldn't find her way out of a dimly lit room, Anna and Elsa are able to learn and grow and find love and happiness on their own terms.
                
                    Disney's brand is showing...
                
                    Frozen is a fine addition to Disney's animated pantheon, offering a witty and heartfelt princess fairly tale with creative musical elements and visual panache.
                
                    It has a beautiful, spunky princess and some very nice, catchy musical numbers.
                
                    Frozen can count in its favor visual grandeur, two energetic young women as co-leads, and a couple of plot twists that place the film a cut above your average princess fare.
                
                    Frozen is an enchanting film that will surely lift spirits for the holiday season.
                
                    Following Disney animation tradition, the sparkling "Frozen" features a pair of princesses and dozens of charming non-human characters.
                
                    It quickly puts every other animated film from this year to shame. And unlike all those pretenders to the throne, 'Frozen' is a comedy that is actually funny, as well as endearing.
                
                    A 3D animated princess tale saluting sisterly love and female empowerment.
                
                    A canned 'feisty-pants' Disney product and 'Wicked' knockoff from start to finish. The short, however, is brilliant.
                
                    It's got that special magic that's been missing from the last several Pixar releases.
                
                    In a year of weak animated features, Frozen - loosely based on "The Snow Queen" - takes the lead by default.
                
                    A spirited romp through a traditional Disney princess narrative that ultimately tweaks the formula in ways that make it exciting and new.
                
                    Fulfills every requirement of the Disney princess movie in spectacular fashion.
                
                    "Frozen" is far and away the best animated movie of 2013. It's not even close.
                
                    Look beyond all the staple elements of Disney animations and you'll see two strong, complicated female characters. Those seem hard to come by even in live-action films.
                
                    It's hard to generate a sense of warmth when the plot points all feel so coldly calculated, and it doesn't help that the musical numbers are so pedestrian.
                
                    Frozen is one of the few recent films to capture that classic Disney spirit.
                
                    Full of clever songs, genuine laughs and thrills, plenty of heart and just a touch of romance, [Frozen] definitely holds its own with the likes of The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast.
                
                    While the journey may seem overly familiar, the destination has some surprises in store.
                
                    This may be yet another variation on the usual coming-of-age/sisterhood themes so familiar in Disney movies, but who does those better?
                
                    Make way for a new kind of fairy tale. These Frozen princesses are the kind we can definitely warm to.
                
                    Gone are many of the story's complexities and its spiritual overtones, replaced by an odd mix of drama, music and comedy designed to entertain the kids and distract the adults from the mediocrity.
                
                    "Frozen" is a winter wonder of a family film, the sort of movie you hope for during the holiday season. Well, it's here, go see it.
                
                    Frozen establishes a strong, confident tone: Cool mythology, rich, vivid animation, and 3-D effects that are actually worth seeing, not just migraine-inducing distractions.
                
                    For all its professionalism, I found it as cold as the ice rink at Rockefeller Center.
                
                    A wonderful family film that offers up some of Disney's best musical moments in years.
                
                    Disney claims this feature-length animation is based on Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen, but it feels more like a Hollywood romcom.
                
                    Most importantly, this is a long-needed step in the right direction to a more varied depiction of female characters in Disney's canon.
                
                    All of this is good, but it's the performances by Menzel and Bell that make the movie work so well.
                
                    You have been misled! Frozen is one of the most magical movies of the year.
                
                    ...this may be the best animated offering out of Hollywood this year.
                
                    May be the most tragic fairy tale in the Disney canon, which is saying something.
                
                    Among Disney's recent non-Pixar animated efforts, it falls between 'Tangled' and 'Wreck-It Ralph' on the one hand and 'Planes' on the other...middle-grade at best.
                
                    Frozen may not rank as a great Walt Disney animated classic, but it still packs breathtaking scenes, welcome moments of visual and verbal hilarity, plus the most endearing cinematic tribute to sisterhood since A League of Their Own.
                
                    Disney's annual holiday release has the hallmarks of Beauty and the Beast and other 1990s-era studio classics, from the regal animation and inspired characters to the soaring musical numbers and heartfelt message.
                
                    The splashy humor and dazzling set pieces of this erratic animated mlange compensate for putting a pallid female Mr. Freeze at the center of a paean to sisterly love.
                
                    This isn't one of those animated movies with a lot of current cultural references, and even its wisecracking sidekick is sweet rather than rude. Frozen isn't a classic, but in its way, it's cool.
                
                    Disney has taken its share of flak over the years for its old-fashioned, anti-feminist portrayals of princesses, but Frozen helps right that score.
                
                    Filled with award-worthy songs, terrific visuals, fun characters and a good mix of drama, comedy, thematic elements and some moments of suspense and action, the pic should appeal to nearly everyone. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
                
                    Frozen is Disney's latest entrant into its classic fairy-tale animation history and mostly lives up to its formidable ancestry even as it tweaks said ancestry's nose.
                
                    The story-aside from a climax that plays like a too-knowing rebuke to Disney formula-goes tediously through the motions.
                
                    Unlike in many animated movies, the borrowings aren't so much in-jokey as structural. Homages, of a sort, and fun to spot.
                
                    Disney gets nearly everything right in this animated charmer: wit, warmth, a lovely voice cast and a real message of girl power.
                
                    It's no secret that Disney princess films are formulaic, and the fact that Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee's Frozen is entertaining without being groundbreaking just confirms that the formula works.
                
                    a new benchmark, a film that fans will find themselves revisiting over and over again
                
                    You'll be ... blissfully entertained ...
                
                    Despite the frosty title, it's a warm-hearted, rousing and stunning animated saga ideally poised for the holiday season.
                
                    Its gleaming dream world of snow and ice is one of the most visually captivating environments to be found in a Disney animated film.
                
                    It's almost impossible not to like the film if you grew up consuming Disney animation.
                
                    'Frozen' is filled with so many memorable characters and so many show-stopping musical numbers
                
                    It is encouraging to see Disney crafting women who are focused on something other than the affections of a boy.
                
                    The voice work is uniformly excellent. Kristen Bell and Idina Menzel are great as Anna and Elsa, and Jonathan Groff is charming as, surprise -- not a prince, but a mountain man.
                
                    This isn't a simplistic portrait of light and dark, good and evil, but a story imbued with the complications of real life. You don't expect that out of a Disney fantasy.
                
                    Frozen is the best animated film of the year, a wonderful celebration of music and story....It is a work to be embraced without cynicism, one that can simply be taken on its own merits as a charming, funny, musical experience.
                
                    The filmmakers have a blast skewering all things Nordic and its Broadway musical format works well, but step away and think about the film's big obstacle and there's a glaring problem here...
                
                    "Frozen" may be a nod to the pleasures of vintage Disney and old fairy tales, but there's nothing outdated about it.
                
                    The music consistently entertains. The writing in particular is smart, with nuanced characters and a premium on clever wordplay over cheap laughs and deprecating humor.
                
                    It's just dazzling fun that shows that Disney can still deliver.
                
                    There's no way you're walking out of 'Frozen' without a pep in your step, massive smile on your face and the desire to build a snowman.
                
                    Has the ring of classic Disney seamlessly combined with a modern-day sensibility.
                
                    Frozen is a squarely enchanting fairy tale that shows you how the definition of what's fresh in animation can shift.
                
                    It doesn't deliver the real goods, eschewing a deepening, psychologically penetrating narrative for a "Frozen"-like, shapeless succession of eye-popping set pieces and impressive effects.
                
                    The movie is like an ice cube that's started melting from the inside: sharp and bracing around the edges, but hollow at the center.
                
                    "Frozen" has all the allure of a snow globe. It whips up a grand, wintry beauty, but it does little else. And there are dozens of other Disney globes just like it.
                
                    This is a grandly entertaining film, full of vigor and wonder.
                
                    With great voice work, fantastic music, and a script that feels like its themes emerge naturally from its story and characters instead just being forced upon them, Frozen is Disney's best animated feature since The Lion King.
                
                    The film basically works. It's entertaining, and following an old Disney tradition "Frozen" works some old-school magic in its nonhuman characters.
                
                    Gad gives an inventive supporting performance that instantly takes its place with the greatest in animated movies.
                
                    What's especially encouraging about it is how directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee take a classic tale - Anderson's "The Snow Queen" - and update it, without beating us over the head with references that draw attention to the modernization.
                
                    The animation is beautiful, the music is catchy and the lyrics are clever.
                
                    Just buy the album.
                
                    Despicable Me 2 will likely go down as the year's highest-grossing animated film, but Frozen is the most complete we've seen so far in 2013.
                
                    It's a lovely story and mostly well-told.
                
                    Although, yes, it's yet another princess fable - gotta keep that Disney franchise growing - it mostly about real-life sisterhood.
                
                    It has its charms, but the thin story and forgettable tunes mean this isn't one of Disney's best
                
                    There's undeniable charm to be found in the movie, which features wonderful singing, dazzling animation, and some cheeky Nordic humor, helping to enliven what's often a disappointingly routine picture.
                
                    "Frozen" is lighthearted and funny when it wants to be, but its dramatic core is where it gets its strength and durability.
                
                    This animated adaptation of "The Snow Queen" has a familiar setup, but a skillful and modern execution.
                
                    The animation in ''Frozen'' is premium and the 3-D earmark adds to the pearly appeal of the ice and snow, but we are lacking in the sweeping romance we've grown accustomed to in a Disney princess movie.
                
                    With a cool, contemporary spin on a fairy-tale classic, a dramatic Nordic landscape animated in splendid storybook style and Broadway vets belting out power ballads, Frozen is an icy blast of fun from the very first flake.
                
                    It's great to see Disney returning to its roots and blooming anew: creating superior musical entertainment that draws on the Walt tradition of animation splendor and the verve of Broadway present.
                
                    This is an extravagant yet profound story for the entire family.
                
                    There's never a dull moment in "Frozen," which throws in a fearsome snow monster, a life-and-death race to rescue one of its principals, and unexpected character twists..
                
                    Disney has reclaimed its animation crown with this fast-paced comedic adventure, ready to warm even the coldest of hearts.
                
                    Not quite the return to form that the studio may have hoped for, the movie's grand scale and full-fledged musical score will still insure its long commercial afterlife.
                
                    It's never very funny, nor is the music particularly memorable. Two big strikes right there.
                
                    If there's something wrong with a grown man confessing his adoration for Frozen, then I don't want to be right.
                
                    "Frozen" is a great big snowy pleasure with an emotionally gripping core, brilliant Broadway-style songs and a crafty plot.
                
                    Frozen feels a little like a Las Vegas tribute show: it hits all the recognizable beats without quite capturing the soul of what it's paying tribute to.
                
                    Frozen is a magnificent film, a gorgeously animated, well-told and beautifully evocative adaptation of Anderson's tale - but the only fairy tale ending that comes out of it is how well all of its unconventional parts come together.
                
                    This is simply charming cinema, and to counteract the film's title somewhat, it sure does leave you feeling rather warm.
                
                    'Frozen' is a case of strong creative alchemy, where everything works together just right, in ways they probably couldn't have imagined.
                
                    Walt Disney Animation is back from the dead.
                
                    This is rigorous Disney hit-making at its finest, but with enough charm to get away with it.
                
                    It straddles the classic and the current in a way that will delight Disney geeks of all stripes, and its wonderfully girl-powered story melted the heart of even a Disney cynic like me.
                
                    The showstopping central musical number is a glorious anthem to female power and ability... and so, in fact, is the whole wonderful movie. Disney is finally getting it.
                
                    Anna needs a boyfriend like a reindeer needs a bicycle, and while that isn't to say she isn't tickled by the attention, 'Frozen' passes any number of "is this a good role model for girls?" tests in my book.
                
                    Disney Animation's best feature since The Lion King.
                
                    The film's empowering themes of feminine strengths and bonds eventually flourish in novel fashion.
                
                    Looks terrific and has plenty of relatively innocent fun and adventure ...
                
                    Frozen feels like classic Disney animation. If someone had announced Frozen as the studio's follow-up to Beauty & the Beast, no one would blink. It's that good.
                
                    This smartly dressed package injects a traditional fairy tale, Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen, with enough contemporary attitudes and female empowerment touches to please both little girls and their moms.
                
                    This always enjoyable tale of mysterious magic, imperiled princesses and square-jawed men of action proves longer on striking visuals than on truly engaging or memorable characters.
                
                    Frozen is an exhilarating, joyous, human story that's as frequently laugh-out-loud funny as it is startling and daring and poignant.
                
                    Given that it's a Disney cartoon, you probably already know how it ends, but what's interesting about Frozen is that you may not predict how they're going to get there. And for children's animation, that's a wilder ride than we usually get.
                